# Coin Fliporator Privacy Policy
## Privacy Policy 
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on _February 26, 2022._

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. 

If We were to use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You would agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was generated by TermsFeed App Privacy Policy Generator. To be very clear, this app uses absolutely _**NO**_ personal data for any aspect of its service and usage. There is no need for the app to use your personal data, as such, no personal data, or any data, is collected.

## Interpretation and Definitions 
#### Interpretation 
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. 
#### Definitions 
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: 
- **"Account"** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. 
- **"Application"** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Coin Fliporator
- **"Company"** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to BitesPotatoBacks
- **"Country"** refers to the United States of America 
- **"Cookies"** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. 
- **"Device"** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone, smart watch (including Apple Watch), or a digital tablet. 
- **"Personal Data"** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **"Service"** refers to the Website or App Store.
- **"Service Provider"** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. 
- **"Usage Data"** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 
- **"You"** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. 
## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data 
### Types of Data Collected 
#### Personal Data 
We collect no Personal Data. The only case in which we may obtain your information is if you contact us by email. In those situations, we do not harvest the information, we respond as necessary and then delete the emails. Nothing is retained.
#### Usage Data 
We collect no Usage Data.
#### Information Collected while Using the Application 
We collect no Information.

### Use of Your Personal Data 
We collect no Personal Data, there is no data to share with service providers or any other entity since we do not collect it. The only case in which we may obtain your information is if you contact us by email. In those situations, we do not harvest the information, we respond as necessary and then delete the emails. Nothing is retained.

### Retention of Your Personal Data 
The Company does not retain your personal data since We do not collect any.
### Transfer of Your Personal Data 
The Company will not transfer your personal data since We do not collect any.
### Disclosure of Your Personal Data 
The Company will not disclose your personal data since We do not collect any.
### Security of Your Personal Data 
There is no data to secure since We do not collect any. The only case in which we may obtain your information is if you contact us by email. In those situations, we do not harvest the information, we respond as necessary and then delete the emails. Nothing is retained.
### Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data 
There is no processing of your Personal Data since we do not collect any.
### Children's Privacy 
Our Service collects no data, so child privacy is not at risk. The only case in which we may obtain your information is if your child contacts us by email. In those situations, we do not harvest the information, we respond as necessary and then delete the emails. Nothing is retained.
### Links to Other Websites 
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. 

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. 
### Changes to this Privacy Policy 
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. 

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. 
### Contact Us 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us: 
- By visiting this page: [https://github.com/BitesPotatoBacks/BitesPotatoBacks/issues](https://github.com/BitesPotatoBacks/BitesPotatoBacks/issues)
- By sending us an email: **bitespotatobac@gmail.com**
